All right, so we have the sign up for working, which is great.
We still have to work on the signing, but which is that's going to be pretty similar to sign up.
We can pretty much reuse that cold, put in the sign in, just change the endpoint and we don't.
All right.
So let's do one more thing before we work on the sign in that is doing some cleanup in our.
Um, requests.
For example, if you go to sign up you can see we are hardcoded the back end you area.
Now this is a problematic because later you will be using such years in maybe ten 2012.
And whenever you want to turn this fake thing on, you used your application in products and you will
have a different domain name, right?
So in that case, you have to go to 20 different files in the URL menu.
Now, that's obviously a big waste of time.
Okay.
So for things like that and not just for the URL, but for to store certain informations, for example,
the API keys, certain secret keys, you want to put it in a in a flight from where the entire application
will be able to access that.
Okay.
So for that, we're going to use the aeon variables file.
So we create a file called EMV and we put all those values.
In that file that we later when you use such suites from your development to the products and to you
can quickly just on the in the file and the values will be updated everywhere.
Right.
So here in the client, let's create a new file.
Let's call it dirt in the dirt local.
Usually you would just call it EMV.
However, with next is differently.
We have to call it and we don't look.
All right.
So here we want to, first of all, save the back into the area.
So a something like that.
Yeah let's call it we use we usually write in a camera live API equals to let's call it hasty has to
be called local host calling 8000.
All right so that's how began.
Now since next is runs in both environment client's client side and server side.
Later we will be exploring the server side and see how we can make requests using server side so that.
The content has been received from the backend before we render anything on the base.
That will be especially useful for issue of search engine optimization, because when the search robots
come looking on your face, they will immediately see the actual content instead of something empty.
And then.
You have some data because that's how you use it in react works in as you will use something like use
effect that will make a request to get some data when the component mounts when the piece is already
rendered.
Okay.
So that is not so good for you because when the Google starts in the robots, they come crawling to
your site, they will see empty content.
However, with server side rendering the very first time the page is rendered, the content is already
there.
So so we'll explore that.
However, at the moment.
So that's the API.
The endpoint.
And when we use it, when we want to make a request to our server in the server side rendering that
don't we have to.
Use this variable.
Okay.
But this variable will not be accessible in the client.
So, for example, you cannot access that.
For that, there's something special you have to do and that is next public.
So you have to prefix your variable with this keyboard next.
Okay, that's important.
So next public API.
If you do it like this, you can put the same value here.
This variable will be accessible.
Now, in a client set environment like this one you can use.
However, if you don't use next public and just leave the name, then that will not be accessible.
That will only be accessible in the server side environment, which we will explain a bit later.
Okay.
So make sure to prefix with the next public.
I guess that's all we need at the moment.
Later, if we add some more, obviously we can we can add Hibbert at the moment.
That's how many.
And another thing is, whenever you make some changes to unify, like you said, restart of service
to restart.
So when that's happening, let's go.
And now we could access that value here.
That's a limit.
Should you process that?
Ian We don't.
Next.
Public opinion.
All right.
So that is the URL we just wrote, right?
So we can access that value like this.
Okay.
So let's give it a try.
Let's remove the double quotes and let's use Bektic instead so that we can put the variables.
So we use that persistent eon with the next public here, plus sign up.
All right, so this is the endpoint.
This should work.
We can give it a try.
However, what I'm going to do is I'm going to configure excuse me in our context that way it is.
Available globally, and you don't have to keep writing this the full year because every time it will
always be.
All right.
So if we're only just saying this, there's no point writing it everywhere.
So we can just configure issues in a way so that you don't have to write a letter.
You can just write.
It's less.
So that would be nice.
Okay, before we do that, let's just you to try to make sure.
Everything is working.
She didn't try and find it right.
And the.
Emily taken.
Nine.
Now you can see it works.
We've made this change how it works.
So that's great.
But like I said, I don't want to just keep writing the full year on.
It's an every access request, so let's do some excuse configuration and we can do that in our context.
Yeah.
So let's import.
Excuse you.
From Access and then we can configure excuse by adding the base area.
Now, that is something we can put here.
Later we will be able to handle the errors.
For example, if the decent work token expired, we can handle that error, maybe center of the user.
We can do other things using excuse interceptors, which we will discuss a bit later.
But at the moment, let's just say the base you are busy are also, like I said.
Now if we are in making a suicide request, we need to use this.
If we are making a client at request, we need this one.
So we have to do before conditional.
Is that so?
That's us.
Okay.
So first, let's check if we are in a clean set environment or service.
So process Dan's browser, so you can use this to determine which environment you are in.
I guess so.
If we are in a clean TED environment, we can use, uh, excuse dirt default.
DuPont's don't base you know L equals to that would be processed or EMV dart API.
So if we are in actually this should be sort of.
If we're in a suicide environment.
We want to set the base here with the value of this one.
So don't EPA.
However, if we are in a clean site environment and we want to turn this to the next public area so
that with the X use will work in both server side request and just the clean side.
Beautiful.
So this way.
We have configured excuse.
We have added the base year already.
So we didn't have to keep.
Writing the full year like that.
I guess if you want to, you know, give it a try, remove that like before.
If you would do something like this, then the request would be sent to the application itself.
Right?
So localhost, 3000 less signups.
That's what would happen before.
But now since we have configured access globally.
With the base year, this shouldn't be an issue.
We should be able to make a request with just the endpoint because we would have the base year.
Okay.
Let's try one.
Let's go sign him right now.
Ryan and i and jim into 1:09 p.m..
That's that's a long.
Beautiful.
Now you can see everything is working.
Axis configuration works.
You can take the heavies.
You can see we're making the request to our input.
In the back.
Beautiful.